[♪♪♪]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[FLIPPING THROUGH CHANNELS]
[♪♪♪]
THANKS.
[GIGGLING]
[MURMUR OF BUSY CROWD]
[SOFT PIANO]
WOW.
HOW THE OTHER HALF
LIVES, HUH?
YEAH, AND THEN SOME.
BUT DON'T WORRY,
THEY WON'T BITE.
WELL, SHE MIGHT.
- HEY...
- YEAH?
ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH, I'M FINE.
ABSOLUTELY FINE.
OKAY,
UH, MAYBE NOT "ABSOLUTELY."
MAYBE MORE LIKE, UM,
"PRETTY MUCH, BUT NOT ENTIRELY."
THE THING IS,
EVEN AFTER MEETING ALEX'S MOM,
I DON'T KNOW, A DOZEN TIMES,
I'M STILL
REALLY UNCOMFORTABLE AROUND HER.
WHY?
BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE
I'M ALWAYS AUDITIONING FOR HER.
AUDITIONING FOR WHAT?
THE RIGHT TO DATE HER SON.
WELL, IF THAT'S TRUE,
THEN SHE'S A DODO BIRD.
MM-HMM.
I'M GOING TO HOLD
THAT THOUGHT.
SHOULD MAKE IT A LOT EASIER
TO BE AROUND HER.
I AM ALWAYS
HAPPY TO HELP.
[CHUCKLING]
[CROWD BUZZING
WITH CONVERSATION]
[WHISPERING]
THERE SHE IS.
OKAY...
NOW I'M
INTIMIDATED, TOO.
SHALL WE STORM
THE CASTLE TOGETHER?
LEAD ON.
[SIGHS]
JUNE...
HOW NICE OF YOU
TO COME.
YOU LOOK FABULOUS.
AW, THANK YOU.
SO DO YOU.
OH, UM, THIS IS MY FRIEND,
TESSA WILLIAMS.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
WELCOME.
HAPPY NEW YEAR'S EVE.
YOU, TOO,
AND FANTASTIC HOUSE.
THE ADVANTAGE
OF BEING MARRIED TO
THE BEST DECORATOR IN TOWN.
YEAH, WE'RE TALKING
TOWN & COUNTRY COVER STORIES.
SHE'S AMAZING.
OH, STOP NOW.
UH, WELL, IS ALEX HERE YET?
YEAH, YEAH, HE'S
AROUND HERE SOMEWHERE.
[JUNE]: OKAY, WELL,
THEN I'M OFF
TO HUNT AND GATHER.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
[♪♪♪]
STOP.
YOU'RE MAKING ME
NERVOUS.
AH, THERE YOU ARE.
HI, MATT.
RICHARD.
JUNE'S HERE, ALEX.
SHE'S LOOKING FOR YOU.
OKAY.
[SNAPS FINGERS
AND LAUGHS NERVOUSLY]
I CAN DO THIS.
THIS IS EASY.
THIS IS NOTHING.
I'M GOING
TO BRUSH MY TEETH.
AGAIN?
YEAH.
IS-- IS HE OKAY?
HE WILL BE.
TO A CASTLE
SUCCESSFULLY STORMED.
HEAR, HEAR.
[CHUCKLING]
[WOMAN]: EXCUSE ME.
ARE YOU JUNE?
YEAH.
BETHANY BARNARD.
I WENT TO PRINCETON
WITH ALEX.
OH! ARE YOU VISITING?
NO, I JUST
MOVED HERE.
I'M DIANA'S NEW ASSISTANT.
OH, CONGRATULATIONS.
I'M SURE THAT'S
A HIGHLY SOUGHT-AFTER JOB.
INSANELY SOUGHT AFTER.
I'M VERY LUCKY TO HAVE IT.
AND ALEX PUT IN A GOOD WORD.
HAVE YOU SEEN ALEX?
I'M ACTUALLY
LOOKING FOR HIM.
NOT YET.
I JUST GOT HERE.
OH.
WELL, THIS IS
MY FRIEND TESSA.
ALEX SAID YOU'RE A NURSE?
NURSE-PRACTITIONER.
IS THERE A DIFFERENCE?
UH, YEAH.
MASTER'S DEGREE,
THE AUTHORITY TO DIAGNOSE,
RUN MEDICAL TESTS,
WRITE PRESCRIPTIONS,
A KEY TO THE EXECUTIVE
LADIES' ROOM--
HERE'S ALEX.
IS THAT
HIS BUDDY MATT
YOU WERE
TELLING ME ABOUT?
MM-HMM.
I AM DEFINITELY
GIVING HIM MY NUMBER.
GOOD EVENING. WOW.
HI.
TESSA.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
[CLEARS THROAT]
SHH.
I JUST WANTED TO
WELCOME EVERYONE,
AND THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR COMING.
I WANT TO THANK
MOM AND DAD
FOR HOSTING US
TONIGHT.
JUST WANTED
TO MAKE SURE
EVERYONE IS HAVING THE BEST
NEW YEAR'S THAT THEY CAN.
AND THERE'S A LITTLE SAYING
THAT LOVE IS BLIND.
PERHAPS, FOR SOME, IT IS.
BUT FOR ME,
IT'S NEVER BEEN
MORE CRYSTAL CLEAR.
OH...
AWW...
JUNE,
I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE'VE ONLY KNOWN EACH OTHER
TWO SHORT YEARS
WHEN IT FEELS LIKE YOU'VE BEEN
A PART OF MY LIFE FOREVER,
AND IT WOULD MEAN
THE WORLD TO ME
IF I KNEW
THAT EVERY DAY
WOULD BE LIKE THAT.
AND THE ONLY WAY I KNOW
THE BEST FIRST YEAR
OF THE REST OF MY LIFE
IS IF YOU WOULD SHARE
THAT LIFE WITH ME.
SO, JUNE FRASER...
[GIGGLES NERVOUSLY;
EXCITED CHATTER FROM CROWD]
WILL YOU MARRY ME?
PLEASE?
YES.
YES!
[CHEERING]
[♪♪♪]
WERE YOU SURPRISED?
A LITTLE.
I MEAN, I WAS HOPING
YOU'D ASK ME SOMETIME.
BECAUSE IF YOU DIDN'T,
I WAS GONNA ASK YOU.
I WAS GLAD
YOU DIDN'T SAY NO.
"NO" WAS NOT AN OPTION,
ALEX BLACKWELL,
BECAUSE, AS IT HAPPENS,
I AM TOTALLY
AND HELPLESSLY
IN LOVE WITH YOU.
THIS WAS INEVITABLE,
DIANA.
HE'S CRAZY ABOUT HER.
IT JUST SEEMS
SO RASH.
TWO YEARS IS SUCH
A SHORT COURTSHIP.
AS I RECALL, OURS WAS ONLY
A LITTLE OVER A YEAR.
CAN'T HOLD ON TO HIM
FOREVER.
BYE.
[GIGGLES]
[♪♪♪]
[STARTS ENGINE]
[MUFFLED SQUEALS]
[SIGHS DREAMILY]
[♪♪♪]
[MOM]:  BECAUSE
I WAS SO HAPPY.
PEOPLE DO THAT
AT WEDDINGS,
ESPECIALLY THE BRIDE.
DID DAD CRY, TOO?
YES, BUT
HE PRETENDED NOT TO.
YOU KNOW HOW GUYS ARE.
NOT REALLY.
YOU WILL SOON ENOUGH.
THAT'S MY FAVORITE!
OH, ME TOO.
YOUR DAD IS
SUCH A HUNK.
MOM!
THAT WAS THE ABSOLUTE
BEST DAY OF MY LIFE,
WELL, UNTIL YOU
CAME ALONG, OF COURSE.
WHEN I GET MARRIED,
I WANT IT TO BE
IN A GARDEN FULL OF ROSES
JUST LIKE YOU AND DAD DID.
WITH A STRING QUARTET?
AND JUST MY FAMILY
AND MY CLOSEST FRIENDS.
NO MEAN GIRLS ALLOWED.
ABSOLUTELY.
A STRICTLY ENFORCED
MEAN GIRL BAN.
I HOPE I'LL LOOK AS PRETTY
AS YOU DID.
OH, HONEY, YOU WILL BE
SO MUCH PRETTIER.
YOU WILL BE
THE MOST
SPLENDIFEROUS BRIDE
THE WORLD
HAS EVER SEEN.
EVEN THE FLOWERS
WILL STAND AND APPLAUD.
YES, THE PEONIES
AND RANUNCULUS.
AND IT WILL BE
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL JUNE DAY,
JUST LIKE
MY WEDDING DAY WAS...
AND LIKE THE JUNE DAY
YOU WERE BORN.
HAPPY NEW YEAR, DAD.
YOU, TOO, SWEETHEART.
HEY, DID I HEAR YOU
ROOTING AROUND
IN THE CLOSET?
YES.
[♪♪♪]
OH, MY.
YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL,
JUST LIKE YOUR MOM DID.
AND LOOK.
ALEX IS ONE
LUCKY GUY.
[LAUGHS]
LET'S SEE.
OH, YEAH,
THAT'S A BEAUTY.
YEAH, IT SURE IS.
HE PICKED GOOD.
I JUST WISH MOM WERE HERE
TO SEE IT.
YEAH, ME TOO.
BOY, I REMEMBER
YOUR MOM IN THAT DRESS
LIKE IT WAS YESTERDAY.
YEAH, SHE REALLY WAS
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL BRIDE,
WASN'T SHE?
YEAH, SHE WAS.
WILL IT BE WEIRD FOR YOU?
IF I WEAR IT?
OH, SWEETHEART...
NOTHING COULD
MAKE ME HAPPIER.
[GIGGLES]
LOOK AT YOU.
SO, WHAT ARE YOU
SHOOTING FOR,
THIS JUNE OR NEXT?
THIS JUNE.
JUST LIKE YOU AND YOUR MOM
DREAMED IT WOULD BE.
YEAH.
EXCEPT FOR...
IT'S GOING TO BE STRANGE
PLANNING IT WITHOUT HER.
WELL, YOU'VE PLOTTED
THIS WHOLE THING OUT
RIGHT DOWN
TO THE LAST DETAIL.
PRETTY MUCH, YEAH.
WELL, THEN,
YOU WON'T BE WITHOUT HER.
SHE'LL BE THERE
EVERY STEP OF THE WAY.
I'M COUNTING ON IT.
[SNIFFLES AND SQUEALS]
[♪♪♪]
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
THE FUTURE MRS. ALEX BLACKWELL.
THANK YOU.
LET ME SEE
THAT ROCK, HUH?
WOW...
ARE YOU HERE
TO SEE ME, MAESTRO?
HEY, IF YOU HAVE TIME.
YEAH, OF COURSE.
JUST LET ME GET MYSELF SETTLED.
OKAY.
OH, INCOMING.
JUNE!
TESSA TOLD ME THE NEWS.
HOW WONDERFUL.
THANKS, DOC.
ALEX'S BUDDY MATT
CALLED AND ASKED ME OUT.
[GASPS]
DOUBLE WEDDING.
LET'S SEE IF WE SURVIVE
DINNER AND A MOVIE FIRST.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
WHAT'S THIS?
THAT IS MORE THAN 20 YEARS
OF WEDDING PLANNING.
MOM AND I WERE KIND OF
OBSESSED WITH IT
WHEN I WAS GROWING UP.
NO KIDDING.
OH, I HAVE GOT TO GET
STARTED ON THIS THING.
I ONLY HAVE SIX MONTHS.
WELL, SIX MONTHS
IS A LOT OF TIME.
OBVIOUSLY YOU'VE NEVER
PLANNED A WEDDING.
WELL, DON'T RUB IT IN.
[BOTH LAUGH]
EVERY CHRISTMAS IS SO NICE.
WITH MY GRANDDAUGHTER,
WHO IS NINE, AND ADORABLE.
THEN THEY LEAVE,
AND I FEEL AWFUL.
MM-HMM.
AFTER THE HOLIDAYS?
YEAH, A SADNESS SETS IN
AND DOESN'T
WANT TO LEAVE.
ARE YOU ABLE
TO PLAY THE VIOLIN?
YES, BUT ALL I WANT TO PLAY
ARE THE LATE QUARTETS.
BEETHOVEN?
THEY'RE BEAUTIFUL.
AND SAD.
THEY MAKE ME
EVEN MORE DEPRESSED.
SO THIS YEAR I THOUGHT
I WOULD TRY
TO DEAL WITH IT HEAD ON.
MM-HMM.
I THINK
WHAT YOU'RE EXPERIENCING
IS SEASONAL AFFECTIVE DISORDER,
NOT INAPPROPRIATELY,
"S.A.D." FOR SHORT.
IS THERE SOMETHING
YOU CAN GIVE ME FOR IT?
YES, BUT BEFORE WE GO
THAT ROUTE,
WE SHOULD TALK ABOUT
YOUR SLEEP PATTERNS, DIET,
EXERCISE ROUTINES,
SEE IF THERE'S
A NATURAL WAY
WE CAN HELP YOU
THROUGH IT.
WHATEVER YOU ADVISE, OKAY?
I JUST WANT
TO FEEL BETTER.
WELL, THEN,
THIS WILL BE EASY.
WE HAVE THE SAME GOAL.
CHECK IN WITH ME
IN ABOUT A WEEK OR SO.
LET ME KNOW
HOW YOU'RE DOING.
I WILL.
[BABIES CRYING
IN WAITING ROOM]
WHO'S NEXT?
THE REDMAN FAMILY,
THEIR FLU SHOTS.
ALL SEVEN OF THEM.
I'LL LINE UP
THE NEEDLES.
[KIDS SHOUTING AND PLAYING]
[♪♪♪]
I KNOW IT'S HARD
TO IMAGINE NOW,
BUT EVERY JUNE,
THIS PLACE IS ABLAZE
WITH PINK AND RED ROSES.
IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL.
I BET.
SO THIS WOULD
WORK FOR YOU?
WOULD IT WORK FOR YOU?
YEAH.
WELL, THEN,
WE SHOULD BOOK IT,
NOW, BEFORE
ANYBODY ELSE DOES.
[CHUCKLES]
I SHOULD PROBABLY
GET BACK TO WORK, THOUGH.
OKAY.
[♪♪♪]
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
THANK YOU.
I'LL TAKE THAT IN HERE.
ALEX BLACKWELL.
HI.
YEAH, IT'S GOOD
TO HEAR FROM YOU.
SURE, I HAVE A MINUTE.
WHAT'S UP?
WELCOME.
HI.
WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU?
WELL, I'M IN THE MARKET
FOR A FLORIST,
AND EVERYBODY SAYS
YOU'RE THE BEST.
OH, DO THEY, NOW?
WHAT'S THE OCCASION?
I'M GETTING MARRIED
IN JUNE.
WOW, GOOD FOR YOU.
THANK YOU.
CAN I SHOW YOU
WHAT I HAVE IN MIND?
YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
A WOMAN WHO KNOWS
WHAT SHE WANTS.
I LIKE IT.
MY MOM AND I STARTED
SAVING THINGS WE LIKED
WHEN I WAS SEVEN.
PEONIES AND RANUNCULUS.
REALLY ORIGINAL.
WITH BUNCHES
OF CORAL FLOWERS
TO ADD A LITTLE POP.
IT'S PERFECT.
YEAH... AND YOU SEE
HOW THESE CLAY POTS
WERE USED AS VASES,
WITH DIFFERENT COLORED
RIBBONS WRAPPED AROUND?
WE LOVED THAT.
I CAN SEE WHY.
YOU AND YOUR MOM
MAKE A GREAT TEAM.
"MADE."
SHE, UM, DIED A FEW YEARS AGO.
OH, I'M SORRY.
WELL, HOW WONDERFUL IT IS
THAT YOU HAVE THIS.
YEAH, IT IS.
AND MY GUARANTEE
THAT I'LL GET EXACTLY
THE WEDDING I ALWAYS DREAMED OF.
[♪♪♪]
HEY, YOU.
HELLO.
[GIGGLES]
DID YOU TEXT ME
YOU WERE COMING OVER?
I DID NOT.
I JUST WANTED TO SEE YOU.
IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
IT'S AMAZING.
I HAVE, UH,
I HAVE SOME NEWS.
SOME EXCITING NEWS.
- WHAT?
- YOU KNOW I'VE ALWAYS WANTED
TO LITIGATE ENVIRONMENTAL LAW
FOR A TOP FIRM.
OF COURSE.
I CONTACTED
A HEADHUNTER LAST MONTH
TO FIND THAT JOB.
MM-HMM.
AND HE FOUND IT.
IT'S, UM,
IT'S NOT JUST A TOP FIRM.
[GASPS]
ALEX!
THAT'S FANTASTIC!
I KNOW.
UM... ONE SMALL CATCH.
TWO.
A CATCH?
OR TWO.
SO THIS...
THIS JOB, IS, UH...
IT'S GONNA BE...
IT'S IN CLEVELAND.
CLEVELAND?
OHIO--
YEAH, I KNOW
WHERE CLEVELAND IS.
YEAH, UM...
AND IT STARTS IN EARLY FEBRUARY.
EARLY FEBRUARY...?
AND I'M LEAVING IN A MONTH.
WHAT?!
NO!
ALEX!
NO, NO, YOU CANNOT
GO TO CLEVELAND,
NOT WITHOUT ME.
I-- I KNOW.
WHICH IS WHY I THINK
WE SHOULD GET MARRIED NOW.
NOW.
MM-HMM.
[WHISPERS] NOW?
HEY, SO I'M LOOKING
AT THE CALENDAR.
IF WE GET MARRIED
THE LAST WEEKEND OF THE MONTH,
THE 30th--
IT'S A SATURDAY--
THAT GIVES US THREE WEEKS
TO PLAN THE WEDDING.
AND PACK,
AND FIND A REPLACEMENT
AT WORK. I...
IT'S A LOT.
I KNOW... NOT
WHAT YOU HAD IN MIND.
WELL, NO.
I MEAN, GETTING MARRIED IN JUNE
HAS ALWAYS BEEN
A DREAM OF MINE.
MY PARENTS WERE MARRIED
IN JUNE.
I WAS BORN IN JUNE.
THEY NAMED ME JUNE.
JUNE'S YOUR TRADITIONAL
WEDDING MONTH. I GET IT.
I REALLY DO.
BUT I LOVE YOU.
AND I WANT YOU TO BE MY WIFE,
AND I CAN'T WAIT TO SPEND--
DITTO. ALL OF THAT.
IT'S JUST...
I NEVER IMAGINED
NOT HAVING A JUNE WEDDING.
OKAY, WELL,
IF IT'S REALLY
THAT IMPORTANT TO YOU,
THEN LET'S JUST HAVE IT
IN JUNE.
I HATE THE IDEA
OF LIVING
HALFWAY ACROSS THE COUNTRY,
IN ANOTHER CITY
THAN YOU,
BUT IF WE HAVE TO DO IT,
WE HAVE TO DO IT.
I HATE THAT IDEA, TOO.
NO.
WE CAN ABSOLUTELY, 100% DO THIS.
AND IT'S GOING TO BE GREAT.
IT WILL BE.
YEAH.
ALL OF IT.
PROMISE.
OKAY.
YOU'RE LEAVING.
NO.
YEAH.
IN A MONTH.
I UNDERSTAND
I NEED TO ADVERTISE
FOR A NEW
NURSE-PRACTITIONER.
I'M SORRY.
I'D SAY "ADVERTISE
FOR A REPLACEMENT,"
BUT YOU'RE
IRREPLACEABLE, JUNE.
YOU'RE PRETTY
IRREPLACEABLE YOURSELF.
WHERE ARE YOU
AND ALEX HEADED?
CLEVELAND.
YEAH, I ALREADY
STARTED LOOKING
AT JOB LISTINGS OUT THERE.
WELL, LET ME KNOW
IF YOU NEED ANY HELP.
THANK YOU.
BUT GIVEN
THE GREAT EXPERIENCE I GOT HERE,
I THINK I SHOULD BE OKAY.
I'M REALLY GONNA MISS YOU GUYS.
[♪♪♪]
[SIGHING]
MRS. BAINBRIDGE
DROPPED OFF HER PAPERWORK.
OKAY.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
WELL, YEAH, I'M FINE.
WHY?
YOU JUST SEEM
A LITTLE...
DISTRACTED.
I'M SORRY.
IT'S NONE OF MY BUSINESS.
ALEX HAS A NEW JOB.
IN CLEVELAND.
CLEVELAND?
HE AND JUNE ARE GETTING MARRIED
IN THREE WEEKS
AND MOVING THERE.
WOW.
I'M JUST CURIOUS.
HOW DID ALEX AND JUNE MEET?
WHY DO YOU ASK?
I DON'T KNOW,
JUNE JUST DOESN'T SEEM LIKE
THE KIND OF GIRL
THAT ALEX WOULD NORMALLY...
HANG OUT WITH.
THEY MET PROFESSIONALLY.
OH.
SHE NEEDED AN ATTORNEY?
NO, HE NEEDED A NURSE.
STREP THROAT.
HOW ROMANTIC.
YEAH. APPARENTLY.
THIS IS SUCH
A HORRIBLE THING TO SAY,
BUT DON'T YOU THINK IT'S
A LITTLE BIT OF A CLICHE?
WHAT?
THE NURSE
WHO SNARES THE RICH GUY.
YES, THAT IS A HORRIBLE THING
TO SAY.
I'M SORRY.
DOESN'T MEAN
IT ISN'T TRUE.
I'M READY
FOR MY MORNING ESPRESSO.
I'M ON IT.
I LOVE THE FABRIC
YOU'VE CHOSEN
FOR THE RECEPTION
PLACE SETTINGS, JUNE.
I KNOW.
ISN'T IT COOL?
MOM AND I
FILED THAT ONE AWAY
ABOUT 10 YEARS AGO.
IS IT STILL AVAILABLE?
AMAZINGLY, YEAH.
IT TOOK AN HOUR
OF WEB-SURFING
TO TRACK IT DOWN,
BUT NOW I JUST NEED
TO ARRANGE
TO HAVE THE PLACE SETTINGS
ACTUALLY MADE.
WELL, LET ME.
I LOVE TO SEW.
GRACE, I COULDN'T POSSIBLY
ASK YOU TO DO THAT.
YOU'RE NOT ASKING.
I'M OFFERING.
I'D TAKE HER UP
ON HER OFFER, JUNE.
I'VE SEEN HER QUILTS.
THEY'RE TERRIFIC.
[PHONE RINGS]
[CHUCKLING MODESTLY]
EXCUSE ME.
IT'S MY DAUGHTER IN NEW YORK.
YOU OKAY WITH THIS?
DAD, IT'S BEEN THREE YEARS.
YOU'RE ALLOWED
TO DATE AGAIN.
SO YOU DON'T MIND?
WHAT DID MOM SAY?
"CHARLIE, DON'T BE SELFISH,
MAKE SOMEONE ELSE
AS HAPPY AS YOU MADE ME."
SO, I'VE DIVIDED UP
THE TO-DO LIST.
THERE'S STUFF THAT WE'LL
NEED TO DO TOGETHER,
BUT WITH THE REST,
I FIGURE
IF WE EACH TAKE HALF,
WE SHOULD BE ABLE
TO PULL THIS OFF.
HOW BIG A WEDDING
ARE YOU THINKING?
SMALL.
LIKE IMMEDIATE
FAMILY MEMBERS ONLY?
OH, COME ON,
A LITTLE BIGGER THAN THAT.
I'M SURE YOU'RE GOING TO
WANT MATT TO BE THERE.
AND NO WAY AM I GETTING MARRIED
WITHOUT TESSA,
OR DR. MELLO,
AND DAD'S GONNA WANT TO
BRING GRACE.
ALL RIGHT, SO YOU STILL WANT
TO DO IT HERE?
NO.
NOT THIS TIME OF YEAR.
WE'LL HAVE TO LINE UP SOMETHING
INDOORS,
AND FAST.
YOU KNOW, IT'S NOT
THAT EASY FOR ME
TO GET AWAY FROM WORK
RIGHT NOW.
I STILL HAVE TO PREP THE GUY
WHO'S GOING TO TAKE OVER FOR ME.
YEAH, WELL, ME NEITHER.
I'VE GOT TO HELP HIRE
AND TRAIN A REPLACEMENT.
OKAY, SO TOMORROW AT LUNCH,
LET'S GO LOOK
AT SOME NEW PLACES--
NO. NO, NO, NO, NO.
NO.
TODAY, AFTER WORK.
WE'VE GOT TO STAY ON THIS.
[♪♪♪]
HUH...
WELL, UH, IT'S BIG ENOUGH.
IT'S NOT VERY EXCITING.
OR WARM.
IT'S FREEZING IN HERE.
WE SHOULD
KEEP LOOKING.
YUP.
WHAT'S THAT SMELL?
STALE CIGARETTES.
RIGHT.
I FORGOT HOW AWFUL
THAT SMELL IS.
I GUESS IT'S STILL LEGAL
TO SMOKE IN PRIVATE CLUBS.
[TOGETHER] NEXT.
HOW CAN SOMETHING
THAT CALLS ITSELF "GRAND"
BE SO... BLAH?
THIS PLACE WOULD NEED
A COMPLETE OVERHAUL TO WORK.
AND IT'S WAY TOO BIG.
WOULD YOU
CONSIDER ELOPING?
DON'T YOU EVER
SAY THAT WORD AGAIN.
OKAY.
[CHUCKLES]
WE NEED HELP.
MM-HMM.
WHAT DO YOU
HAVE IN MIND?
SOMEONE WHO'S
EITHER DECORATED
OR BEEN A CONSULTANT
AT EVERY GOOD SPOT IN TOWN.
YOU KNOW, BECAUSE
WE'RE SO JAMMED FOR TIME,
THERE'S NOT GOING TO BE
MANY PLACES AVAILABLE.
AND THE PLACES
WE'VE SEEN
HAVE BEEN AWFUL.
I KNOW, GIVEN
THE TIME OF YEAR,
WE HAVE TO FIND
SOMEWHERE INSIDE,
BUT I'D AT LEAST LIKE
A VENUE WITH WINDOWS
THAT LET IN LIGHT,
YOU KNOW?
WELL, IT'S GOING TO BE HARD
TO FIND SOMEPLACE YOU LIKE.
I MEAN, MOST PEOPLE
BOOK WAY IN ADVANCE.
MOM, YOU'RE PRETTY
DIALED IN.
YOU THINK YOU COULD
CALL SOMEONE?
OR...
I CAN TRY.
BUT YOU KNOW...
I WAS THINKING
THE SAME THING.
WHY DON'T YOU DO IT HERE?
[DAD]: WE CERTAINLY
HAVE THE SPACE,
A KITCHEN THAT CAN
ACCOMMODATE CATERERS,
AND A MAIN ROOM
THAT'S ALL ABOUT LIGHT.
UH...
IF I DO SAY SO MYSELF,
IT'S A LOVELY SETTING
FOR A WEDDING.
CONSIDER IT
OUR WEDDING GIFT.
UM...
WOW...
[STAMMERING] YEAH, YOU KNOW,
WE WOULD NOT WANT TO
INCONVENIENCE YOU.
OH, YOU WOULDN'T BE
INCONVENIENCING US.
WE'RE USED TO
PUTTING ON EVENTS HERE.
[DIANA]: YEAH.
THE NEW YEAR'S EVE PARTY
WAS PRETTY FANTASTIC.
YEAH, IT WAS GREAT.
UM, BUT, LISTEN,
IF WE DID DO IT HERE,
YOU WOULDN'T HAVE TO
"PUT ON" ANYTHING.
WE WOULD ARRANGE EVERYTHING.
OF COURSE.
ABSOLUTELY.
I MEAN, AFTER ALL,
IT'S YOUR WEDDING.
YEAH.
IT'S SETTLED.
TO JUNE AND ALEX...
AND THE GREATEST WEDDING
PUT TOGETHER
IN THREE WEEKS
THE WORLD HAS EVER SEEN.
[CHUCKLING MERRILY]
CHEERS.
NO, IT'S REALLY
[CHUCKLING NICE OF THEM.
"BUT"? I HEAR
A "BUT" IN THERE.
I KNOW MOTHER
DOESN'T LIKE ME.
OF COURSE SHE LIKES YOU.
SHE'S JUST
SET IN HER WAYS.
WELL, I'M JUST SURE
SHE HAD SOMEONE BETTER
IN MIND FOR YOU TO MARRY.
[LAUGHS] THAN
THE GREATEST WOMAN EVER?
BETTER THAN A NURSE.
EXCEPT YOU'RE
A NURSE-PRACTITIONER.
LIKE SHE KNOWS
THE DIFFERENCE.
LOOK, IT'S JUST-- ALEX,
THIS IS OUR WEDDING.
I DON'T WANT YOUR MOTHER
CO-OPTING IT.
SHE WON'T.
SHE'LL BE TEMPTED TO.
WE'RE GETTING MARRIED
IN HER HOUSE.
THEN LET'S GET MARRIED
SOMEWHERE ELSE.
[SIGHS]
WE DON'T HAVE TIME,
AND ANYWAY,
IT REALLY IS
A BEAUTIFUL VENUE FOR A WEDDING.
OKAY.
YEAH.
YOU OKAY WITH THE FLATWARE
THAT LOOKS LIKE BAMBOO?
SURE.
AND WHAT ABOUT
WINE GLASSES?
ELEGANT AND THIN
OR ROUGH AND STURDY?
ELEGANT AND THIN.
REALLY?
BUT YOU'RE A ROUGH
AND STURDY KIND OF GUY.
YEAH, BUT YOU'RE NOT.
SO, WHAT,
YOU'RE JUST PICKING
STUFF THAT I LIKE?
MM-HMM.
REALLY?
SO, WHAT IF I WANT...
LAVENDER SHEETS?
I LOVE
LAVENDER SHEETS.
AND HELLO KITTY
DISH TOWELS?
STOP IT,
MIND-READER.
POLKA DOT
TUPPERWARE?
CHECK.
HMM, "HIS" AND "HER"
FONDUE POTS?
FONDUE'S DELICIOUS.
MATCHING FLANNEL
NIGHTGOWNS?
OKAY, BACK TO BUSINESS.
OKAY.
I GUESS.
[CHUCKLES]
THREE WEEKS?
WELL, NOW WE'RE DOWN
TO TWO AND A HALF.
WHY THE RUSH?
WE'RE MOVING TO CLEVELAND
NEXT MONTH.
CLEVELAND?
OHIO.
I KNOW WHERE CLEVELAND IS.
I JUST-- I DON'T THINK
IT'S POSSIBLE.
NO, DON'T SAY THAT.
I MEAN FOR ME.
OH.
RIGHT, UM...
WELL, MAYBE
THERE'S SOMEONE ELSE
YOU COULD RECOMMEND?
OF COURSE I'M GONNA DO IT!
I JUST NEED TO
KICK AND SCREAM A LITTLE BIT.
CAN WE STILL DO
THE PEONIES AND RANUNCULUS?
WELL, PEONIES
ARE OUT OF SEASON, SO...
I'M SURE THEY'RE GROWING
SOMEWHERE.
I'LL SEE IF I CAN
SPECIAL ORDER THEM.
PERFECT!
NO, NO, DON'T HOLD OUT
FOR PERFECT, JUNE, OKAY?
WE'LL JUST DO THE BEST WE CAN.
GOT IT.
YEAH, RIGHT.
[KNOCKS GENTLY]
MAESTRO!
BUON GIORNO.
HOW ARE YOU?
NEVER BEEN BETTER.
YOUR REGIME
IS WORKING BEAUTIFULLY.
I HAVE NOT
FELT BLUE IN DAYS.
AW, THAT'S GREAT.
DID YOU JOIN A GYM?
BETTER.
DANCING LESSONS.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
GOOD FOR YOU.
LISTEN,
I HAVE SOME NEWS.
YEAH.
I'M LEAVING IN A FEW WEEKS.
MY FIANCE GOT A NEW JOB,
AND WE'RE MOVING TO OHIO.
THAT'S BIG NEWS, HUH?
I KNOW.
I'M GONNA MISS MY PATIENTS.
SOME MORE THAN OTHERS.
HMM, NOT AS MUCH
AS WE WILL MISS YOU.
AND I NEED YOUR ADVICE.
I WOULD LIKE TO HIRE
A STRING QUARTET
FOR MY CEREMONY,
AND I'M SURE YOU KNOW
A LOT OF GREAT PLAYERS.
I DO.
IN FACT, I'M QUITE CLOSE TO
ONE OF THE FINEST VIOLINISTS
IN THE CITY,
AND HE IS IN A WONDERFUL DUO
WITH A PIANIST,
AND HE WOULD CONSIDER IT
A GREAT HONOR
TO PLAY AT THE WEDDING
OF HIS MOST FAVORITE
NURSE-PRACTITIONER.
WOULD A VIOLIN AND A PIANO DO?
VIOLIN AND PIANO
WOULD BE GREAT.
BUT NOT FOR HIRE, HUH?
AS MY GIFT.
THANK YOU, PAULO.
THAT'S REALLY NICE.
MY PLEASURE.
[JUNE]:
HEY, SO I'M MAKING PROGRESS
ON THE FLOWERS AND THE MUSIC.
THAT'S GREAT.
WELL, NOT EXACTLY THE FLOWERS
AND MUSIC I WANTED,
BUT CLOSE ENOUGH,
AND I'M ALMOST DONE
WITH THE INVITATIONS.
HOW ARE THINGS ON YOUR END?
UH, GOOD, GOOD.
I MADE A FEW CALLS
AND SOME
INTERNET INQUIRIES.
JUST WAITING FOR PEOPLE
TO CALL ME BACK.
GOOD, BUT JUST
DON'T WAIT TOO LONG,
BECAUSE WE'VE GOT
TO NAIL THINGS DOWN.
NO, I KNOW.
I'LL CALL YOU
FIRST THING IN THE MORNING.
OKAY.
I LOVE YOU.
SLEEP TIGHT,
SWEETHEART.
LOVE YOU, TOO.
BYE.
[SIGHS HAPPILY]
EVERYTHING OKAY?
YEAH.
YEAH, JUST
WEDDING STUFF.
WHAT WEDDING STUFF?
CATERERS,
PHOTOGRAPHERS,
MINISTER.
I HAVE A LIST.
THAT'S A LOT.
YEAH, WELL,
JUNE'S IS JUST AS BIG,
BUT, UH, I'M NOT
AS INTO IT AS SHE IS.
YEAH, WELL, YOU'RE A GUY.
[DIANA]:
YOU KNOW, DARLING,
UM, THIS IS A REALLY SLOW
TIME OF YEAR FOR ME,
AND I...
I'VE HAD A LOT OF EXPERIENCE
WITH CATERERS,
AND PHOTOGRAPHERS, AND--
I'M SURE ALEX CAN HANDLE IT.
I KNOW HE COULD.
BUT, YOU KNOW,
IF YOU NEED SOME HELP.
THANK YOU, MOM,
BUT JUNE AND I, WE REALLY
WANT TO DO THIS OURSELVES.
WELL, CAN I MAKE
SOME SUGGESTIONS?
I MEAN,
YOU YOURSELF SAID THAT...
THAT I WAS DIALED IN.
OKAY.
BUT SUGGESTIONS ONLY.
OF COURSE.
GIVE ME A COPY OF YOUR LIST.
[KNOCKS]
HOW'S IT GOING?
I FEEL SLIGHTLY LESS BURIED
UNDER AN AVALANCHE
THAN I DID THIS MORNING.
ANYTHING I CAN DO TO HELP?
NO.
OH, BUT IF I START
TO GO BRIDEZILLA,
PROMISE ME
YOU'LL YANK ME BACK TO EARTH.
[LAUGHS]
PROMISE.
I'M TURNING IN.
ALL RIGHT, GOOD NIGHT.
GOOD NIGHT, SWEETHEART.
[SIGHS]
[MOM]:
...WITH A STRING QUARTET?
[YOUNG JUNE]:
AND JUST MY FAMILY
AND MY CLOSEST FRIENDS.
NO MEAN GIRLS ALLOWED.
ABSOLUTELY.
A STRICTLY ENFORCED
MEAN GIRLS BAN.
I HOPE I'LL LOOK
AS PRETTY AS YOU DID.
OH, HONEY, YOU WILL BE
SO MUCH PRETTIER.
YOU WILL BE THE MOST
SPLENDIFEROUS BRIDE
THE WORLD
HAS EVER SEEN.
EVEN THE FLOWERS
WILL STAND AND APPLAUD.
[SIGHS SADLY]
[♪♪♪]
WHAT DO YOU THINK,
DOES IT NEED ALTERING?
IT WON'T NEED
TO BE TAKEN IN
OR ALTERED VERY MUCH.
OH, GOOD.
IT'S A GORGEOUS DRESS.
WHERE DID YOU FIND IT?
MY MOTHER WORE IT
AT HER WEDDING.
OH, WONDERFUL.
SHE MUST BE THRILLED
YOU'RE WEARING IT.
OH, UM, NO, SHE'S...
SHE'S NO LONGER WITH US.
OH, SORRY.
HERE.
LET'S TRY ON THE VEIL.
OKAY.
EXCUSE ME.
I JUST...
IT REALLY HITS ME
SOMETIMES.
I KNOW, SWEETIE.
THAT MY MOM
WON'T BE HERE FOR THIS.
I KNOW.
I'M WEARING HER DRESS
AND HER VEIL...
SO MAYBE YOU SHOULD BUY
YOUR OWN DRESS AND VEIL.
NO... NO.
SHE SO WANTED ME
TO WEAR THIS,
AND IT'S ONE PART
OF THE WEDDING
THAT'S GOING TO BE
EXACTLY AS I IMAGINED IT.
WHICH IS WHY
MAYBE IT'S A GOOD THING
THAT YOU'RE GETTING MARRIED
SO FAST--
JUST PUT ALL THIS BEHIND YOU.
BUT I DON'T WANT TO
PUT THIS BEHIND ME.
I WANT TO SAVOR EVERY SECOND.
WELL, YOU COULD'VE FOOLED ME.
[CHUCKLES]
AM I DOING
THE RIGHT THING, TESSA?
JUMPING IN
HEAD FIRST LIKE THIS?
OF COURSE YOU ARE.
YOU'RE YOUNG AND IN LOVE,
WHICH IS ALL ABOUT
JUMPING IN HEAD FIRST.
I LOVE ALEX.
I REALLY, REALLY DO.
I JUST WANT THIS WEDDING
TO BE PERFECT, YOU KNOW?
AND IT WILL BE,
BECAUSE IT'S YOU AND ALEX.
YEAH.
I HOPE YOU'RE RIGHT.
WOW, THESE ARE
STUNNING.
I KNOW.
I LOVE THE WAY
HE GETS INSIDE.
I MEAN, MOST
WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHERS,
THEY'RE SO STAGEY.
I MEAN,
THESE BREATHE.
AND HE'S
STILL AVAILABLE?
REMARKABLY, YES.
ALEX IS GONNA
BE THRILLED.
I HOPE SO.
I WANT HIM TO
SEE THESE RIGHT AWAY,
SO TAKE THEM
TO HIS OFFICE.
OF COURSE.
OH, I KEEP
MEANING TO ASK YOU.
HOW WELL DID YOU KNOW
ALEX AT PRINCETON?
YOU KNOW...
HE DATED HILARY, MY ROOMMATE,
SO I HUNG OUT WITH THEM
IN GROUP SITUATIONS.
NEVER ANY SPARKS
BETWEEN YOU TWO?
I WISH.
I MEAN, COME ON,
HE'S GORGEOUS, SMART,
SUPER SWEET.
[CHUCKLING]
WELL, I THINK SO.
BUT I AM HIS MOTHER.
THERE WAS THIS ONE TIME.
MY PARENTS HAVE A PLACE
IN EAST HAMPTON.
WE WENT OUT THERE
FOR A WEEKEND,
A BUNCH OF US.
THINGS WERE WINDING DOWN,
ROMANCE-WISE
BETWEEN ALEX AND HILARY.
THERE WAS THIS MOMENT
WHEN I THOUGHT MAYBE,
JUST MAYBE...
NOTHING HAPPENED, BUT...
I WAS TEMPTED.
I'M SURE HE WAS, TOO.
LET ME KNOW WHAT HE THINKS
OF THE PHOTOS.
[DOOR CLOSES]
THANKS FOR COMING IN.
WE'LL BE IN TOUCH.
WHAT DID YOU THINK?
ANOTHER SUPREMELY
QUALIFIED CANDIDATE.
THERE'S A LOT OF REALLY GREAT
NURSE-PRACTITIONERS OUT THERE.
ARE YOU OKAY WITH THIS?
VETTING THE PERSON
THAT WILL TAKE YOUR JOB?
OF COURSE, YEAH.
I WANT TO MAKE SURE
YOU GUYS MAKE THE RIGHT HIRE.
ALL RIGHT.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
BUON GIORNO.
MAESTRO!
HI!
WERE YOU SCHEDULED
TO COME IN TODAY?
NO, NO, NO,
I JUST CAME TO DROP OFF THIS.
SOME MUSIC POSSIBILITIES
FOR THE WEDDING.
YOU LET ME KNOW
WHICH ONES YOU LIKE, HUH?
OKAY?
AW, THAT'S WONDERFUL,
THANK YOU.
IN THE CATEGORY OF
"IT'S A SMALL WORLD,"
A TERRIFIC GUY JOINED
OUR GOLF FOURSOME ON SUNDAY,
LUIGI PASCARELLA.
FATHER LOUIE!
HE'S MY FIRST COUSIN.
HOW IS HE?
STILL PLAYING
A VERY GOOD GAME.
HOW OLD IS HE?
80 IF HE'S A DAY.
CAN YOU BELIEVE
HE'S STILL SAYING MASS?
INCREDIBLE.
THE WAY HE WAS
HITTING THE BALL?
ABSOLUTELY.
CIAO.
I'LL TELL TESSA
WE'RE READY FOR
THE NEXT APPLICANT.
OKAY.
DIANA PUT
A HOLD ON HIM.
BUT WE'LL HAVE TO
CONFIRM SOON.
OKAY.
I STILL WANT TO
RUN THESE PAST JUNE.
REALLY?
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
IN CHARGE OF THE PHOTOS.
YEAH, BUT I DON'T
WANT TO PICK SOMEONE
SHE DOESN'T LIKE.
SHE'S PARTICULAR ABOUT
THIS WEDDING STUFF.
AH... ONE OF THOSE.
ONE OF THOSE WHAT?
WOMEN WHO DREAM
ABOUT THEIR WEDDING,
DOWN TO EVERY
LITTLE DETAIL.
DON'T ALL WOMEN DO THAT?
[SCOFFS] NOT ME.
IF I MET A MAN
I LOVED ENOUGH TO MARRY,
WE COULD ELOPE,
FOR ALL I CARE.
SEE, AND I SUGGESTED THAT
TO JUNE.
YOU KNOW,
I WAS KIDDING OF COURSE, BUT...
[CHUCKLES]
SHE'S GONNA LOVE
THE PHOTOGRAPHER.
TRUST ME.
THEY'RE, UM...
INTERESTING.
HE'S, UM,
IMAGINATIVE.
I DID HAVE SOMETHING
A LITTLE MORE
TRADITIONAL IN MIND.
COLOR PHOTOS,
AT LEAST.
HE SHOOTS
IN COLOR, RIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW.
DIDN'T YOU
TALK TO HIM?
NO.
WELL, WHO DID?
[QUIETLY] MY MOM.
WHAT?
MY MOM.
[CLEARS THROAT]
AND SHE HAS A CATERER
THAT'S GOING TO COME BY
AND BRING US SOME SAMPLES--
ALEX!
NEXT WEEK.
YEAH, I KNOW.
ALEX, WE TALKED ABOUT THIS.
I DON'T WANT YOUR MOTHER
MAKING DECISIONS
ABOUT OUR WEDDING.
IT'S NOT A DECISION.
IT'S JUST SUGGESTIONS.
OKAY.
OKAY, FINE, SUGGESTIONS.
UM, THIS PHOTOGRAPHER
DOESN'T WORK FOR ME, OKAY?
I WANT TO USE ONE
ON THE LIST I GAVE YOU.
YEAH.
YEAH, WHATEVER YOU WANT.
A-HA!
[CHUCKLING IN TRIUMPH]
THERE IT IS.
GOOD EYE.
I HATE IT WHEN
THE BORDER ISN'T COMPLETE.
YEAH, THAT DRIVES
JUNE CRAZY, TOO.
RIGHT, JUNIE?
JUNE?
HMM?
YEAH.
YEAH, JUST, UH...
GOT A LOT ON MY MIND.
LIKE MY MOTHER-IN-LAW TO BE.
WHAT ABOUT HER?
SHE'S INTERFERING
WITH THE WEDDING,
MAKING DECISIONS
THAT SHOULD BE ALEX'S AND MINE.
SO TELL HER TO STOP.
OH.
OR YOU COULD TRY
WORKING TOGETHER.
RIGHT.
I'M SORRY TO PLAY
DEVIL'S ADVOCATE,
BUT DIANA'S IN
A TOUGH POSITION HERE.
I KNOW,
I'VE BEEN THERE.
TOUGH HOW?
WELL, HER BABY'S LEAVING HER
FOR ANOTHER WOMAN.
I KNOW IT'S SEEMS SILLY
TO SEE IT THAT WAY,
BUT THAT'S HOW I FELT
WITH MY ERIC.
EMBARRASSING AS IT IS TO ADMIT,
WHEN HE AND NICOLE
WERE PLANNING THEIR WEDDING,
I GOT PRETTY "MEDDLE-Y" MYSELF.
YEAH, BUT DID YOU
LIKE NICOLE?
NOT AS MUCH AS I DO NOW.
[CHUCKLING]
[♪♪♪]
IS THIS REALLY
JUST ABOUT DIANA BLACKWELL?
NO.
NOT ENTIRELY.
MM.
I'M LEAVING, DAD.
MY JOB, MY FRIENDS,
MY HOME TOWN.
MY WHOLE LIFE IS CHANGING--
[SNAPS FINGERS]
LIKE THAT.
AND I'M LEAVING YOU.
[CHUCKLES SYMPATHETICALLY]
OH, SWEETHEART,
DON'T WORRY ABOUT ME.
DO YOU KNOW,
IT MEANT A LOT TO ME
WHEN YOU MOVED BACK HERE
AFTER YOUR MOM PASSED.
YEAH, IT MEANT
A LOT TO ME, TOO.
I'M OKAY NOW.
AND THERE'S GRACE.
IT'S JUST--
EVERYTHING'S HAPPENING SO FAST.
ALEX AND I WON'T EVEN HAVE TIME
FOR A HONEYMOON.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT,
IF YOU WERE TRULY
MEANT FOR EACH OTHER,
AND YOU ARE,
EVERY DAY YOU'RE TOGETHER
WILL BE A HONEYMOON.
AND IF THINGS ARE MOVING
TOO FAST, THEN SLOW THEM DOWN.
POSTPONE THE WEDDING
UNTIL YOU'RE READY.
BUT ALEX WANTS
TO GET MARRIED NOW.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT THE CLOSER WE GET
TO THE WEDDING,
THE MORE I MISS MOM,
AND THE MORE I WISH
SHE WERE HERE,
PLANNING IT WITH ME,
LIKE WE ALWAYS DREAMED ABOUT.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
I THINK YOU MIGHT BE
MISSING AN OPPORTUNITY.
LIKE WHAT?
WHAT GRACE SAID,
INSTEAD OF RESENTING DIANA,
MAYBE YOU SHOULD SEE
IF YOU CAN WORK
TOGETHER ON THIS THING.
I KNOW THAT
YOU TWO HAVEN'T CLICKED YET,
BUT SWEETHEART,
BELIEVE ME,
SHE'S GOING TO BE
YOUR MOTHER-IN-LAW.
SHE'S NOT GOING TO
REPLACE YOUR MOM.
NO ONE COULD.
HI, BETHANY.
JUNE, WHAT A SURPRISE.
HI. I'M SORRY
TO JUST POP IN LIKE THIS,
BUT I'M ON MY LUNCH BREAK,
AND I FIGURED,
IF YOU HAD A MINUTE,
MAYBE WE COULD GO OVER
SOME WEDDING DETAILS.
SURE.
I HAVE A MINUTE.
OKAY, TERRIFIC.
OH, MY GOSH.
IS THAT WHAT YOU
HAVE TO WEAR TO WORK?
UH... EVERY DAY.
I'D BE MISERABLE
IF I HAD TO DRESS
LIKE THAT EVERY DAY.
YEAH, I KNOW WHAT YOU MEAN.
WELL, NOT EVERYONE
CAN PULL OFF THIS LOOK.
JUST LUCKY, I GUESS.
BETHANY, WHY DON'T YOU
TAKE JUNE'S COAT?
WE CAN TALK
IN HERE.
THANK YOU.
SO...
WHAT'S ON YOUR MIND?
WELL, UM, I APPRECIATE
THE SUGGESTIONS YOU'VE MADE.
ALEX AND I BOTH DO.
I'M HAPPY TO HELP.
MM-HMM, BUT LISTEN, UM...
THE PHOTOGRAPHER
YOU REFERRED TO US--
ALEX TOLD ME THAT YOU'D LIKE
TO GO A DIFFERENT WAY.
THAT'S FINE.
I MEAN, I TOLD THE PHOTOGRAPHER
WE WERE MOVING ON.
OH. THAT'S GREAT.
YEAH.
OKAY, UH,
WELL, THEN,
AS FAR AS CATERING'S CONCERNED,
I FEEL LIKE--
WHAT DO YOU THINK
ABOUT JOCELYN?
JOCELYN, AS IN
THE RESTAURANT "JOCELYN"?
EXACTLY.
YEAH.
YEAH, SHE WOULD HAVE BEEN
AT THE TOP OF MY LIST,
BUT I WAS TOLD
SHE DIDN'T CATER.
SHE DOESN'T.
BUT, WELL, SHE'S A FRIEND.
OH.
DIANA, THAT'S FANTASTIC.
THANK YOU.
OH, AND, UM, DID ALEX MENTION
REVEREND FARNSWORTH?
TO OFFICIATE.
NO.
NO, UH, JUDGE McCARTEN,
THE MAN I WANTED,
WASN'T AVAILABLE.
HE MARRIED MY MOM AND DAD.
HMM.
REVEREND FARNSWORTH
MARRIED RICHARD AND ME.
WELL, HE'S RETIRED NOW,
BUT HE AGREED
TO SLIP ON THE COLLAR
ONE LAST TIME,
FOR OLD TIME'S SAKE.
I MEAN, ISN'T THAT
WONDERFUL CONTINUITY?
[CHUCKLES] YEAH, THAT'S...
THAT'S REALLY SWEET.
AND I WANTED
TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT THE SIZE OF THE WEDDING.
I MEAN, WOULD IT BE OKAY
IF RICHARD AND I INVITED
SOME OF
OUR BUSINESS ASSOCIATES?
UH, HOW...
HOW MANY?
OH, NOT TOO MANY.
A DOZEN OR SO.
WELL, HERE'S
WHO WE HAD IN MIND.
BUT DON'T WORRY.
WE WILL ABSOLUTELY
ABSORB ALL OF THE COST.
UH...
[QUIETLY] YEAH...
UM...
YEAH, OKAY.
THAT'S--
THIS SHOULD BE...
GREAT.
[CHUCKLING GOOD-NATUREDLY]
OKAY.
WELL, THAT'S GREAT.
YEAH.
[CHUCKLING AWKWARDLY]
I GUESS
WE'RE DONE HERE.
YEAH.
[SIGHS]
SO...
I WAS REVIEWING
ALEX'S WEDDING TO-DO LIST,
AND IT SEEMED TO ME
THAT SOMETHING WAS MISSING.
OH?
IT'S JUST
BOILERPLATE, BUT,
WELL, SOMEBODY SHOULD BE
THINKING ABOUT THIS,
DON'T YOU THINK?
JUST TO BE SAFE?
[FOOTSTEPS RECEDE]
[LETS OUT A BREATH]
[♪♪♪]
♪ I'M ROLLING DICE ♪
♪ THE TIME IS THROUGH
FOR THINKING TWICE ♪
♪ I'M STEPPIN'
INTO THE DANCE ♪
♪ TAKIN' A CHANCE ♪
♪ I'M PLACING A BET ♪
♪ WITHOUT A WORRY
OR A FRET ♪
♪ BECAUSE I'VE GOT
A FINE ROMANCE ♪
♪ WITHOUT TAKING A CHANCE ♪
♪ BEEN A-WATCHING YOU
WATCHING ME ♪
♪ AND I'M READY
TO TRY MY LUCK ♪
♪ TO WIN THIS GAME ♪
♪ I GLADLY
THROW DOWN MY LAST BUCK ♪
♪ I'M GOIN' BROKE ♪
♪ MY DREAMS MAY ALL
GO UP IN SMOKE ♪
♪ BUT LOVE'S A RISKY
CIRCUMSTANCE ♪
♪ I'M TAKIN' A CHANCE ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ I'M GOIN' BROKE ♪
♪ MY DREAMS MAY ALL
GO UP IN SMOKE ♪
♪ BUT LOVE'S A RISKY
CIRCUMSTANCE ♪
♪ AND I'M TAKIN' A CHANCE
♪ I'M TAKIN' A CHANCE ♪♪
YOU'VE SEEN
EVERYTHING WE HAVE.
WE COULD
SPECIAL-ORDER SOMETHING,
BUT THAT WOULD
TAKE A FEW WEEKS.
I ONLY HAVE
A WEEK-AND-A-HALF.
IT'S FINE,
I'LL JUST TAKE THESE.
GREAT.
[CLEARS THROAT]
AW...
WELL, AT LEAST ONE THING
WILL BE PERFECT.
SEE YOU GUYS LATER.
BYE.
LET'S DITCH
THIS WEDDING STUFF,
GO GET SOME
FINE ITALIAN FOOD
AND SOME FRANK SINATRA
ON THE JUKE BOX.
MM, I'VE STILL GOT
A TON OF PACKING TO DO.
CAN'T IT WAIT
TILL THE MORNING?
NOT REALLY.
I REALLY SHOULD
STAY ON IT.
BYE.
[SIGHS]
[♪♪♪]
I LOVE THAT PICTURE
OF YOUR MOM.
I REMEMBER TAKING IT...
RIGHT BEFORE
THE BAD STUFF STARTED.
YEAH, THAT'S WHY
I LOVE IT SO MUCH.
YOU'RE NOT
LEAVING IT HERE, ARE YOU?
NO. NEVER.
WHEREVER I GO, SHE GOES.
I JUST HOPE
SHE LIKES CLEVELAND.
THE CAULIFLOWER PARMESAN
WAS JUST DIVINE.
SECOND THAT.
HOW DID SHE GET
THE KALE CRISPS
TO BE SO... CRISPY?
WHAT'S IN THIS DIP?
BRUSSELS SPROUTS.
ISN'T THAT CLEVER?
CLEVER
AND SCRUMPTIOUS.
MM.
DO YOU THINK
IT'S OKAY?
YEAH, NO, EVERYTHING'S
REALLY, REALLY,
REALLY GREAT.
UM, THERE WILL BE
A CHICKEN OPTION, RIGHT?
AND FISH?
WELL, JOCELYN'S SO INVENTIVE
WITH NON-MEAT DISHES,
I THOUGHT WE'D TAKE ADVANTAGE
OF THAT.
I MEAN, UNLESS
YOU HAVE YOUR HEART SET
ON CHICKEN OR FISH.
[BETHANY]: WELL, THEN, SHE'D
HAVE TO RE-THINK EVERYTHING
IN TERMS OF
FOOD AND WINE PAIRINGS,
AND WITH
ONLY A WEEK TO GO?
YEAH, I DON'T KNOW
IF THERE'S TIME.
YEAH, YEAH, NO, NO, NO,
EVERYTHING'S FINE.
YEAH, THE FOOD'S
REALLY WONDERFUL.
WE CAN JUST STICK TO
THE MENU WE'VE GOT.
IT'S GOOD.
OKAY.
SO I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT WINE OR FOOD PAIRINGS,
SO IF THERE'S SOMETHING
ON THE MENU
YOU WANT TO TALK
TO THE CATERER ABOUT--
I SAID IT WAS FINE.
WAIT, HOLD ON.
WHAT'S ALL THIS?
THIS IS STARTING TO FEEL LIKE
YOUR MOTHER'S WEDDING,
NOT OURS.
THAT'S SILLY.
IT'S NOT SILLY, ALEX.
SHE'S TRYING TO HELP.
LOOK, I KNOW WE DON'T HAVE TIME
TO HAVE THE WEDDING
THAT I ALWAYS ENVISIONED,
BUT I CERTAINLY
DON'T WANT IT TO BE THE WEDDING
YOUR MOTHER ENVISIONS.
I JUST DON'T SEE
IT'S THAT BIG OF A DEAL.
DO YOU CARE AT ALL
ABOUT THIS WEDDING?
YEAH.
PROBABLY NOT
AS MUCH AS YOU, BUT--
GREAT. THANKS A LOT.
JUNE, GIVE ME A BREAK.
LOOK, I HAVE
THE Y CHROMOSOME, YOU KNOW,
I DON'T CARE ABOUT
WEDDING DETAILS LIKE YOU,
BUT I'M TRYING,
AND I REALLY WANT TO
MAKE YOU HAPPY.
WELL, I'M NOT.
OKAY, UM...
LOOK, WE'RE GOING TO
GET THROUGH THIS,
AND IT'S GOING TO BE GREAT,
I PROMISE.
THAT'S HOW
YOU SEE THIS WEDDING?
AS SOMETHING TO "GET THROUGH"?
ALEX, THIS WEDDING IS
REALLY IMPORTANT TO ME.
I-- I GET THAT.
I GET THAT, I DO,
BUT WHAT'S IMPORTANT TO ME
IS US BEING TOGETHER.
I'M REALLY SORRY
THAT WE'RE RUSHING
THINGS LIKE THIS,
BUT A NEW JOB
IN A NEW CITY,
THAT'S TERRIFYING.
THIS WEDDING IS JUST
A MEANS TO AN END, OKAY,
AND THAT END
IS US BEING TOGETHER.
THAT'S THE PART
I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO.
IT'S JUST--
THIS IS THE FIRST BIG THING
THAT WE'VE TACKLED TOGETHER,
AND IF WE CAN'T GET IT RIGHT,
WHAT DOES THAT SAY ABOUT US?
THE WEDDING'S NOT "US".
THIS IS US.
THIS IS GOING TO BE FINE.
I PROMISE YOU. IT'S--
I'VE GOT TO GET TO WORK.
[SIGHS]
[STARTS ENGINE]
[♪♪♪]
[ALARM RINGS]
[SIGHS]
[TINY CLINK]
WHAT?
NO...
[SIGHING]
I FEEL LIKE AN IDIOT.
YOU'D BE SURPRISED
HOW OFTEN THIS HAPPENS.
WELL, IT'S A FIRST FOR ME.
SO YOU'RE GETTING MARRIED?
YEAH.
IN FIVE DAYS.
THAT'S RARE.
YEAH, WELL,
WE HAD TO ACT FAST.
MY FIANCE'S STARTING
A NEW JOB IN FEBRUARY.
IN CLEVELAND,
OHIO.
BUT... I KNOW YOU KNOW
WHERE THAT IS.
[CHUCKLING]
A-HA!
[GRUNTS] GOT IT!
[SIGHING] OH...
GOT IT.
MY HERO.
THANK YOU.
MM.
YOU KNOW, I GOT MARRIED
IN A RUSH, TOO.
YEAH?
YEAH.
SERIOUSLY BAD MOVE.
WHY?
WELL, MY WIFE--
AH, MY EX-WIFE--
SHE DIDN'T GET
THE WEDDING
THAT SHE'D ALWAYS
DREAMED OF,
AND KIND OF NEVER
FORGAVE ME FOR IT.
I'M SORRY.
AH... WE HAD OTHER PROBLEMS,
SO IT WAS MORE OF A SYMPTOM
THAN A CAUSE.
BUT I'VE ALWAYS
WONDERED
HOW THINGS
WOULD HAVE GONE
IF WE'D STARTED MARRIED LIFE
WITH HER HAPPY
INSTEAD OF
DISAPPOINTED.
SO I'VE GOT TO GET GOING
ON MY NEXT CALL.
OH, RIGHT.
OKAY, HERE YOU GO.
THANKS.
OH, AND, UH,
GOOD LUCK WITH... EVERYTHING.
THANK YOU.
YEAH.
[TRUCK ENGINE STARTS]
[TRUCK PULLS AWAY]
OH, I'M SO LATE.
I'M JUST GLAD YOU GOT
YOUR ENGAGEMENT RING BACK.
DO YOU THINK IT WAS AN OMEN?
LIKE MAYBE
I WANTED TO LOSE IT?
WOW, ARE YOU HAVING
SECOND THOUGHTS,
OR IS THIS JUST
THE JITTERS
EVERY BRIDE-TO-BE
IS SUPPOSED TO GET?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT MY RING LITERALLY
WENT "DOWN THE DRAIN."
AND I FLIRTED
WITH THE PLUMBER.
WAS HE CUTE?
YEAH.
SO, THEN, WHY WOULDN'T YOU
FLIRT WITH HIM?
BECAUSE I'M GETTING MARRIED!
SO THERE'S YOUR ANSWER.
NO OMEN,
IT'S JUST AN ACCIDENT.
I THINK I'M STARTING
TO LOSE IT, TESSA.
HEY!
MATT ASKED ME TO BE
HIS PLUS-ONE AT THE WEDDING.
WHICH MAKES SENSE.
I MEAN,
BEST MAN, MAID OF HONOR.
SO DON'T UNRAVEL ON ME NOW.
THERE'S MORE AT STAKE HERE
THAN JUST YOU.
[CHUCKLES]
[QUIETLY] OKAY.
[♪♪♪]
[KNOCKS GENTLY]
BETHANY. HI.
HEY.
I WAS ON MY WAY TO LUNCH,
AND YOUR MOTHER ASKED ME
TO BRING YOU THIS.
WHAT'S THIS?
JUST SOME LEGAL PAPERS
CONNECTED TO THE WEDDING.
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT I NEED.
RIGHT. BUSMAN'S HOLIDAY.
EXACTLY.
SO, HAVE YOU HAD LUNCH?
I HAVE NOT.
WHY DON'T YOU JOIN ME?
SURE.
WHAT WERE WE THINKING?
WE WEREN'T.
WE WERE YOUNG
AND INVINCIBLE.
I'M GOING TO GO WITH
YOUNG AND INSANE,
THAT'S MORE LIKE IT.
BUT WHAT
GOOD TIMES WE HAD,
AND LOOK AT US NOW.
WE'RE ALL GROWN UP.
WELL, THAT WAS
BOUND TO HAPPEN.
I SUPPOSE SO.
I WAS ALWAYS JEALOUS
OF HILARY, YOU KNOW.
REALLY? WHY IS THAT?
BECAUSE SHE WAS WITH YOU.
I HAD A HUGE CRUSH ON YOU, ALEX.
AND I STILL DO.
AND I WANTED YOU
TO KNOW THAT
SO THAT WHEN YOU HEAR
WHAT I'M ABOUT TO SAY,
YOU'D UNDERSTAND
THAT I'M A LITTLE BIT BIASED.
SAY WHAT?
I THINK YOU'RE MAKING
A BIG MISTAKE MARRYING JUNE.
I'VE SEEN
THE TWO OF YOU TOGETHER,
AND I JUST DON'T GET IT.
YOU'RE SUCH
A CLASSY GUY, ALEX,
AND SHE'S...
SHE'S WHAT?
NOT.
I MEAN, SURE,
SHE'S PRETTY
AND FUN
AND CLEVER...
SHE DOESN'T SEEM
LIKE A GOOD--
THAT'S ENOUGH.
WHY ARE YOU SAYING THIS?
BECAUSE...
BECAUSE WE'RE FRIENDS,
AND FRIENDS ARE SUPPOSED TO
BE HONEST WITH EACH OTHER.
[CHUCKLES MIRTHLESSLY]
REALLY.
OKAY.
LET ME BE HONEST WITH YOU,
THEN.
I KNEW YOU HAD A CRUSH ON ME
IN COLLEGE.
WELL, WHY DIDN'T YOU
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT?
BECAUSE I WAS NOT
INTERESTED.
AND HOW COULD I BE?
YOU WERE MANIPULATIVE
AND SELF-SERVING,
AND I'D THOUGHT THAT,
AT LEAST BY NOW,
YOU WOULD HAVE CHANGED,
MAYBE YOU WOULD HAVE GROWN UP
A LITTLE BIT.
I GUESS NOT.
[SIGHS]
[BILLS CRINKLE]
I LOVE JUNE.
AND SHE HAS MORE CLASS
IN HER FINGER
THAN I COULD EVER DREAM
OF HAVING.
[FOOTSTEPS RECEDE]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACH]
THIS WAS JUST HAND-DELIVERED.
THANK YOU.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO MAKE OF THIS.
WELL, I DO.
IT'S OUTRAGEOUS!
AND INSULTING!
YOU CAN'T SIGN THIS.
OF COURSE NOT.
SHE HAS NO STANDING
TO DO THIS, DOES SHE?
NO.
AND SOMEONE IS
GONNA TELL HER THAT.
YOU SURE YOU DON'T WANT
TO JUST TAKE A BEAT HERE?
ABSOLUTELY SURE.
JUNE. HI.
IS SOMETHING WRONG?
I KNOW YOU DON'T
LIKE ME, DIANA.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
THAT YOU THINK
I'M NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR ALEX.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
BUT A PRE-NUP?
HOW DARE YOU.
I AM NOT MARRYING ALEX
FOR HIS MONEY,
WHATEVER YOU MAY THINK.
I DON'T THINK THAT AT ALL.
I DO THINK THE TWO OF YOU
ARE RUSHING INTO THIS MARRIAGE
WHEN IT WOULD BE MORE PRUDENT
TO WAIT.
IT WAS ALEX'S IDEA
TO GET MARRIED SO SOON.
WELL, ALEX DOESN'T ALWAYS KNOW
WHAT'S BEST FOR HIM.
AND YOU DO?
I HOPE SO.
I'M HIS MOTHER.
AND YOU THINK
HE NEEDS A PRE-NUP?
IF HIS MONEY
IS OF NO INTEREST TO YOU,
WHY SHOULD YOU CARE
IF YOU SIGN ONE OR NOT?
THIS WAS YOUR IDEA?
THIS WAS NOT ON EITHER
OF YOUR LISTS,
SO, YES,
I TOOK THE INITIATIVE.
YOU HAD NO RIGHT
TO TAKE THAT.
I'M NOT GOING
TO STAND AROUND
AND WATCH YOU MAKE
THE BIGGEST MISTAKE
OF YOUR LIFE,
AND NOT DO EVERYTHING I CAN
TO PROTECT YOU.
A MISTAKE?
THERE'S OBVIOUSLY
A RED FLAG HERE, ALEX.
ONE THAT YOU'RE NOT SEEING.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
SHE IS MORE IN LOVE
WITH THE WEDDING
AND IN MAKING IT "JUST SO"
THAN SHE IS WITH YOU.
SO WERE YOU! YOU WERE OBSESSED
OVER YOUR WEDDING.
DAD TOLD ME YOU WERE!
OH, WELL,
THAT MAY BE,
BUT I NEVER LET IT
GET IN THE WAY
OF HOW I FELT ABOUT YOUR FATHER.
AND NEITHER HAS JUNE!
STOP IT!
BOTH OF YOU!
MY MOTHER AND I DREAMED
ABOUT THE KIND OF WEDDING
I WOULD HAVE,
AND IT BROKE MY HEART
TO GIVE UP ON THAT DREAM,
BUT I DID IT FOR ALEX.
AND I HAD HOPED,
IN TIME,
THAT MAYBE YOU AND I
COULD FIND A WAY TO CONNECT,
JUST A LITTLE BIT,
BECAUSE I NEED THAT
IF I'M GOING TO BE
A PART OF THIS FAMILY.
BUT I WAS WRONG TO HOPE THAT,
AND YOU'RE RIGHT.
THIS IS A BIG
MISTAKE.
EVERYTHING ABOUT IT
HAS BEEN WRONG,
FROM THE MINUTE
WE AGREED TO IT.
IT DOESN'T FEEL RIGHT.
[SIGHING]
NOWHERE NEAR.
THE WEDDING IS OFF.
JUNE...
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
I'M SORRY, ALEX,
I-- I MEANT NO HARM.
YEAH, MOM...
YEAH, YOU DID.
AND YOU'D BETTER HOPE
I CAN MAKE THIS RIGHT.
YOU KNOW, AND, UH,
THANKS ALSO
FOR SICCING BETHANY ON ME.
WHAT?
"YOU'RE MAKING
A BIG MISTAKE, ALEX."
[CHUCKLES]
PERHAPS YOUR DOUBLE-TEAMING
WOULD HAVE BEEN
A LITTLE MORE EFFECTIVE
HAD YOU NOT MEMORIZED
THE SAME SCRIPT.
JUNIE?
[KNOCKING GENTLY]
SWEETHEART,
I WANT TO HELP.
I DON'T WANT TO
TALK ABOUT IT, DAD.
SWEET--
[DOORBELL RINGS]
JUNE'S NOT RETURNING
MY CALLS OR TEXTS.
JUNE, WILL YOU TALK TO ME?
NO!
LISTEN...
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH,
AND I'M SORRY FOR WHATEVER I DID
TO CAUSE THIS DISASTER,
AND I'LL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT
TO MAKE IT RIGHT.
I'LL DO ANYTHING.
[TEARFULLY] JUST GO AWAY.
WE CAN STOP THE CRAZINESS.
LET'S HAVE A JUNE WEDDING.
I MEAN, WHATEVER
YOU WANT TO DO.
ALEX...
YOU SHOULD, UH,
PROBABLY GIVE HER A NIGHT
TO SLEEP IT OFF.
I'VE NEVER
SEEN HER LIKE THAT BEFORE.
I KNOW MY DAUGHTER, ALEX,
AND I KNOW
HOW MUCH SHE LOVES YOU.
BUT RIGHT NOW SHE'S IN A STATE,
A BAD ONE.
BUT SHE'S NOT
GOING TO BE THERE FOREVER,
I PROMISE YOU.
I HOPE SO.
[♪♪♪]
[SNIFFLES]
[DOOR OPENS, CLOSES]
DIANA?
WE NEED TO TALK.
ALEX TOLD YOU
WHAT HAPPENED?
YES.
YOU KNOW, FOR SOMEONE
AS ACCOMPLISHED
AND INTELLIGENT AS YOU ARE,
YOU'VE BEEN INCREDIBLY CLUMSY.
WELL...
JUNE'S CANCELING THE WEDDING
CANNOT JUST BE ABOUT ME.
NO, NO, I'M SURE
SHE'S UNDER A LOT OF STRESS.
AS IS ALEX.
WHICH IS WHY
WE SHOULD BE HELPING,
AND NOT HURTING THEM.
I TRIED TO HELP.
BY TAKING OVER HER WEDDING?
NO, I-- I DIDN'T TAKE OVER.
I JUST-- I MADE SUGGESTIONS.
YOU SIDE-SWIPED HER DREAM,
DIANA.
YOU
HAD A NUCLEAR MELTDOWN
THE NIGHT BEFORE OUR WEDDING
BECAUSE THE FLOWER YOU ORDERED
TURNED OUT TO BE FUCHSIA
INSTEAD OF ORANGE,
AND YOU MOVED HEAVEN AND EARTH
TO GET ORANGE.
OH, SHE HATES ME.
AND WHY SHOULDN'T SHE?
SHE IS GOING TO BE
A PART OF THIS FAMILY,
AND YOU HAVE TO
GET USED TO THAT,
STARTING NOW.
AND YOU ALSO NEED TO FIND A WAY
TO MAKE IT UP TO ALEX.
I'M LOSING HIM, RICHARD.
HE'S YOUR SON, DIANA.
YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO LOSE HIM,
ANY MORE THAN I LOST MY MOTHER
WHEN I MARRIED YOU.
OH, THAT'S AN UNDERSTATEMENT.
HER ANNUAL VISITS KEPT GETTING
LONGER AND LONGER.
[CHUCKLES]
HER WAR OF ATTRITION.
BUT YOU TWO FOUND A WAY
TO GET ALONG TOGETHER,
AND SO WILL YOU AND JUNE.
[SIGHS]
IF THEY CAN PATCH IT UP.
THEY WILL.
I REALLY AM
TERRIBLY SORRY.
I KNOW.
WHY DO YOU
PUT UP WITH ME?
BECAUSE I WOULD BE
DESOLATE WITHOUT YOU.
MORNING.
I BROUGHT
YOUR MORNING ESPRESSO
AND SOME FRESH CROISSANTS.
WHAT'S THIS?
BETHANY,
I'M LETTING YOU GO.
SO HERE IS A MONTH'S PAY,
AND A LETTER OF RECOMMENDATION.
WHAT? WHY?
I DON'T KNOW
EXACTLY WHAT YOU SAID TO ALEX,
BUT I HAVE A FEELING
THAT YOU WERE
TAKING YOUR LEAD FROM ME,
AND I COULDN'T LIVE
WITH MYSELF,
WORKING WITH YOU EVERY DAY,
KNOWING THAT.
DIANA, I KNOW,
I MAY HAVE CROSSED THE LINE
WITH ALEX,
AND FOR THAT,
I'M TRULY SORRY--
MY MIND
IS MADE UP.
BUT THIS IS AWFUL.
THIS IS SERIOUSLY
GOING TO DAMAGE MY CAREER.
IT'S A VERY POSITIVE
LETTER OF RECOMMENDATION.
BUT WHAT WILL PEOPLE THINK,
KNOWING THAT
I COULDN'T HOLD A JOB
WITH ONE OF THE BEST DESIGNERS
IN THE COUNTRY?
JUST TELL THEM
I WAS IMPOSSIBLE TO WORK WITH,
AND YOU QUIT.
CREATIVE PEOPLE
AT THE TOP OF THEIR GAME
ARE ALWAYS
IMPOSSIBLE TO WORK WITH.
THIS MAKES ME LOOK WEAK
AND UNPROFESSIONAL.
I'M SORRY.
AND IF YOU CAN'T
SURVIVE THIS,
WELL, PERHAPS YOU DON'T BELONG
IN OUR BUSINESS.
DIANA...
PLEASE.
NO.
[SLAMS BREAKFAST DOWN]
UNBELIEVABLE.
[CHECK CRINKLES]
DIANA...
YOU'RE GOING TO REGRET THIS.
[FOOTSTEPS RECEDE,
DOOR CLOSES]
[♪♪♪]
HOW IS SHE?
WELL, SHE'S
STOPPED CRYING.
BUT SHE DIDN'T TOUCH
THE LATTE I BROUGHT HER.
OKAY, WELL,
I'M GOING TO TRY AND
GET SOME FOOD INTO HER.
GOOD LUCK.
I'LL BE AT THE OFFICE
IF YOU NEED ANYTHING.
OKAY, THANKS.
JUNIE? SWEETHEART?
CAN I COME IN?
YOU NEED TO EAT.
I'M NOT HUNGRY.
SUIT YOURSELF.
YOU NEED TO READ THIS.
READ WHAT?
THAT'S MOM'S HANDWRITING.
SHE WROTE IT TO YOU...
BEFORE SHE DIED.
SHE INTENDED
FOR YOU TO READ IT
ON YOUR WEDDING DAY,
BUT I THINK
SHE WOULD HAVE WANTED YOU
TO READ IT NOW.
[MOM]:  DEAREST JUNE,
I WISH YOU
SO MUCH HAPPINESS TODAY,
MY DARLING DAUGHTER,
ON THE GLORIOUS JOURNEY
YOU'RE ABOUT TO BEGIN.
A LOVING HUSBAND,
A STRONG MARRIAGE,
A HOME OF YOUR OWN,
MOTHERHOOD--
I WISH ALL OF THAT FOR YOU,
BECAUSE I HAVE KNOWN
HOW WONDERFUL IT IS.
I KNOW WE'VE TALKED
ABOUT THIS DAY
A MILLION TIMES
AND HOW PERFECT IT WOULD BE.
BUT NOTHING IS PERFECT,
JUNE.
LIFE IS FULL
OF THE UNEXPECTED.
EMBRACE IT.
AND REMEMBER,
ON THIS SPECIAL DAY,
ONLY ONE THING
REALLY MATTERS,
PLEDGING TO SHARE YOUR LIFE
TO THE ONE YOU LOVE.
IF YOU TRULY LOVE HIM,
ALL THE OTHER DETAILS
ARE IMMATERIAL,
AND IT WILL BE,
WITHOUT QUESTION,
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL DAY
OF YOUR LIFE.
I'M SMILING RIGHT NOW
AT THE THOUGHT OF IT.
OH, DAD.
[ALEX]:  HOW CLOSE ARE YOU?
PRETTY CLOSE.
I TOOK A SHORTCUT.
I THINK.
DID YOU TAKE A LEFT
AT THE SPLIT IN THE PATH?
I THINK SO.
I'VE BEEN SO CONFUSED.
YEAH, I KNOW.
BUT NOT ANYMORE.
THERE YOU ARE!
I SEE YOU!
I REALLY,
TRULY SEE YOU.
CAN YOU FORGIVE ME?
THERE'S NOTHING
TO FORGIVE.
I AM SO, SO SORRY
I MADE THIS
ALL ABOUT THE WEDDING.
I'M SORRY
I DIDN'T STEP UP TO THE PLATE
LIKE I SHOULD HAVE.
I JUST FELT LIKE
I WAS LETTING MOM DOWN,
BETRAYING HER SOMEHOW
BY NOT HAVING THE WEDDING
WE ALWAYS DREAMED ABOUT.
BUT...
I KNOW NOW
I COULD NEVER LET HER DOWN,
NOT IF I'M WITH YOU.
SO...
ALEX BLACKWELL...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
[LAUGHING]
WILL YOU MARRY ME?
YES.
[LAUGHS]
[♪♪♪]
IT'S ALL COMING
TOGETHER, HUH?
YEAH, IT IS.
LISTEN, THANK YOU FOR LETTING US
BE HERE THE DAY BEFORE
TO SET UP
AND MAKE
EVERYTHING PERFECT.
AS PERFECT AS WE CAN.
CAN YOU SPARE A MINUTE?
UH, YEAH.
SURE.
IN HERE.
OKAY.
WHOA, WHOA, NO, HEY.
CAN I SEE YOU
THE DAY BEFORE
THE WEDDING?
IT'S OKAY.
ARE YOU SURE?
YEAH.
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU WANTED
TO TALK TO ME?
YEAH.
I OWE YOU BOTH
A PROFOUND APOLOGY.
FOR THINGS THAT I'VE DONE,
SAID, THOUGHT...
IT'S NOT EASY
TO WATCH YOUR ONLY SON
GROW UP
AND COME INTO HIS OWN,
AND TO ACCEPT THE FACT
THAT THERE'S
ANOTHER WOMAN NOW
WHO, INEVITABLY,
WILL BE MORE IMPORTANT
THAN YOU ARE.
MOM, YOU DON'T
HAVE TO--
NO, NO, I'M NOT SAYING THIS
AS A SYMPATHY BID
OR AN EXPLANATION.
I...
THERE'S NO EXCUSE
FOR THE WAY I BEHAVED.
BUT I DON'T
LIKE TO DWELL
ON THINGS THAT HAVE BEEN.
I'D LIKE TO LOOK
TO THE FUTURE,
AND SO I'D LIKE
TO ASK A FAVOR
OF BOTH OF YOU.
ALEX...
I WONDER IF YOU'D CONSIDER...
GIVING THIS TO JUNE
AS HER WEDDING RING.
IS THAT...
IS THAT GRANDMA'S RING?
MY MOTHER'S.
AND JUNE...
WOULD YOU HONOR OUR FAMILY
AND WEAR IT?
I ALSO WANT TO
LOOK TO THE FUTURE.
I MEAN, THAT'S WHAT TOMORROW
IS ALL ABOUT.
AND I MEANT IT
WHEN I SAID THAT I WANT TO FEEL
MORE CONNECTED TO YOU.
THIS RING
WON'T MAGICALLY DO THAT...
I KNOW,
BELIEVE ME.
BUT I WAS HOPING MAYBE
IT WAS A FIRST STEP?
IT IS.
AND I'D BE HONORED
TO WEAR IT.
WELL, YOU CAN ALWAYS
HAVE IT SIZED,
BUT, UM, MAYBE...
IT FITS PERFECTLY.
[CHUCKLES FONDLY]
WELCOME TO THE FAMILY.
CAN I SPEAK TO
REVEREND FARNSWORTH, PLEASE?
REVEREND FARNSWORTH, HI.
THIS IS BETHANY BARNARD,
DIANA BLACKWELL'S ASSISTANT.
WE APOLOGIZE
FOR THE SHORT NOTICE,
BUT THERE'S BEEN
A CHANGE OF PLANS...
[ALARM CLOCK RINGS]
[GIGGLES WITH EXCITEMENT]
[♪♪♪]
DON'T WORRY.
EVERYTHING'S
GOING TO BE FINE.
WERE YOU THIS NERVOUS
ON YOUR WEDDING DAY?
OH, CONSIDERABLY MORE.
BUT, THEN, I WAS MARRYING
A FORCE OF NATURE.
IT REALLY DIDN'T HIT ME
UNTIL THIS MORNING
WHAT I'M ABOUT TO DO.
IT'S HUGE.
YEAH, AS HUGE AS IT GETS.
WHAT IF I'M NO GOOD AT IT?
WHAT IF I'M NO GOOD
AT BEING MARRIED?
SOMEHOW MOST OF US
JUST FIGURE IT OUT
AS WE GO ALONG.
I JUST WANT TO BE
THE BEST HUSBAND THAT I CAN.
WELL, YOU JUST
REMIND YOURSELF OF THAT
EVERY DAY,
AND WITH LUCK, YOU WILL BE.
[♪♪♪]
LOOK AT THIS.
YOU'RE A SEA OF CALM,
AND I'M THE ONE
WITH WEDDING JITTERS.
[CHUCKLES]
YOU ARE GOING TO BE
THE MOST
SPLENDIFEROUS BRIDE.
MOM USED TO SAY THAT.
AND SHE WAS RIGHT.
[SIGHS HAPPILY]
UH, HEY.
I DON'T WANT TO GO ALL
FOUR-ALARM FIRE ON YOU GUYS,
BUT I WAS SUPPOSED TO
LIAISE WITH THE MINISTER
WHEN HE GOT HERE,
AND HE HASN'T SHOWN UP.
REVEREND FARNSWORTH,
HOW COULD YOU POSSIBLY
BE IN CALIFORNIA
VISITING YOUR SISTER
WHEN YOU ARE
SUPPOSED TO BE HERE?
I SEE.
WELL, HAVE A NICE VISIT.
MY ASSISTANT CALLED
AND TOLD HIM THE WEDDING
HAD BEEN CANCELED.
BETHANY?
THIS IS A DISASTER.
WELCOME, EVERYONE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR COMING TODAY.
UNFORTUNATELY,
THERE HAVE BEEN
SOME WIRES CROSSED,
AND AS A RESULT,
WE DON'T HAVE A MINISTER
TO OFFICIATE THE CEREMONY.
[MURMURS OF CONCERN]
SO, REGRETTABLY,
WE ARE GOING TO
HAVE TO RESCHEDULE THE WEDDING.
MRS. BLACKWELL, PLEASE,
LET ME MAKE
JUST ONE QUICK CALL, OKAY?
SURE.
ONE QUICK CALL.
ISN'T THERE SOME WAY,
ON THE INTERNET,
THAT WE CAN DESIGNATE
A MINISTER FOR A DAY?
LET ME GOOGLE IT.
CRISIS AVERTED.
HE WAS ABOUT TO GO OFF
TO A GOLF GAME,
BUT I CAUGHT HIM
JUST IN TIME.
COUSIN LOUIE
IS ON HIS WAY.
[LAUGHING IN RELIEF]
[♪♪♪]
[CHATTER FROM GUESTS]
JUNE, THE JANUARY BRIDE.
WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT?
WOW.
YOU KNOW, IT'S...
YOUR MOM WAS RIGHT,
YOU'RE GOING ON
A GLORIOUS ADVENTURE.
YOU READY?
NEVER BEEN MORE READY
FOR ANYTHING IN MY LIFE.
I HAVE JUST ONE WISH
FOR YOU TODAY.
WHAT?
THAT YOU AND ALEX
WILL BE AS HAPPY TOGETHER
AS YOUR MOTHER
AND I WERE.
OH, DAD.
DID I EVER TELL YOU
I HAVE THE GREATEST
DAUGHTER IN THE WORLD?
ONLY BECAUSE SHE HAS
THE GREATEST DAD IN THE WORLD.
I'M GONNA MISS HER
SOMETHING FIERCE.
OKAY, STOP, OR I'M GOING
TO RUIN MY MASCARA.
[SIGHS HAPPILY]
[BEGINS PLAYING BRIDAL MARCH]
[♪♪♪]
OKAY, MOM'S WATCHING.
LET'S DO HER PROUD.
FRIENDS AND FAMILY,
WE ARE GATHERED HERE
TO CELEBRATE
A WONDERFUL OCCASION,
THE MARRIAGE OF ALEX BLACKWELL
AND JUNE FRASER.
EVERY WEDDING,
LIKE EVERY MARRIAGE,
TAKES ITS OWN SHAPE.
TODAY WE HAVE THE WEDDING,
BUT FROM THIS DAY ON,
ALEX AND JUNE
WILL HAVE THEIR MARRIAGE.
JUNE, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH,
AND VALUE YOU ABOVE ALL ELSE.
AND I WANT TO SPEND
THE REST OF MY LIFE WITH YOU.
AND I KNOW
WE'RE STARTING THAT LIFE
SOONER THAN EXPECTED,
AND THAT'S A LITTLE
SELFISH OF ME.
CAN I TELL YOU
HOW HAPPY I AM
TO BE MARRYING YOU,
IN FRONT OF ALL OF OUR FAMILY
AND FRIENDS?
ALEX, I LOVE YOU
WITH MY WHOLE HEART.
GETTING TO THIS MOMENT
HAS BEEN CHALLENGING.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
BUT I AM SO HAPPY
TO BE STANDING HERE FACING YOU,
KNOWING THAT
WE GET TO SHARE
OUR LIVES TOGETHER.
[FATHER PASCARELLA]:
DO YOU, ALEX, TAKE JUNE
TO BE YOUR LAWFULLY
WEDDED WIFE?
I DO.
AND DO YOU, JUNE,
TAKE ALEX
TO BE YOUR LAWFULLY
WEDDED HUSBAND?
I DO.
HAVE YOU
BROUGHT RINGS
TO SEAL YOUR VOWS?
WE HAVE.
VOWS HAVE BEEN PLEDGED,
RINGS HAVE BEEN EXCHANGED.
AND SO, BY THE POWER
VESTED IN ME,
I NOW PRONOUNCE YOU
HUSBAND AND WIFE.
YOU MAY KISS THE BRIDE.
[GUESTS CHEERING]
[♪♪♪]
DO YOU KNOW THEY'RE
HONEYMOONING IN CLEVELAND?
[♪♪♪]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org